## HTML Courses

### To see the source code for the browser

Use the ``` Ctrl + U ``` to see the source code

#### Understanding the DevTools in EDGE/ Chrome
Use the ``` Ctrl + Shift + I ``` to see and use DevTools

note that if you see "user agent spreadSheet" it is the default CSS for the page by the browser.


### Inline vs Block elements

1. Inline elements:
    ```plaintext
    - Dont start at new line.
    - Take only the necessary width
```

2. Block elements:
```plaintext
    - Start at a new line
    - Take the full width
```
### a tags:
```html
    <a href="https://www.google.com" target="_blank">Google</a>
```
```text
    - here the "target" attribute is used to open the link in a new tab
```

### Tags attributes:

1. href - link
2. src - source
3. alt - description
4. title - tooltip/ hint

### NOtes for website

1. The ul tags is used for navigation bar for the more unordered list of the website.
2. The ol tags is used for ordered list of the website.
3. The h1 to h6 tags are used for heading of the website.
4. The table tags is used for table of the website.
    - thead - table head (Recommeded)
    - tbody - table body (Recommeded)
    - th - table heading
    - td - table data
    - tr - table row
5. The img tags is used for image of the website.
6. The form tags is used for form of the website.
    - attributes:
        - action - used to specify the action of the form (server-side)
        - method - used to specify the method of the form (server-side)
        - name - used to specify the name of the form
        - target - used to specify the target of the form
    - label: used to specify the label of the form
    - input: used to specify the input of the form
7. blockquote - used to specify the blockquote of the website.
8. abbreviation - used to specify the abbreviation of the website. (abbr tag)
9. cition - used to specify the citation of the website. (cite tag)


### HTML Sematics tags:

1. header - used to specify the header of the website.
2. footer - used to specify the footer of the website.
3. section - used to specify the section of the website.
4. article - used to specify the article of the website.
5. nav - used to specify the nav of the website.
6. aside - used to specify the aside of the website.
7. main - used to specify the main of the website.
8. details - used to specify the details of the website.
9. summary - used to specify the summary of the website.

```diagram
_____________________
|         <header>   |
----------------------
|         <nav>      |
----------------------
|          |         |
| <section>|         |
|          |         |
|----------| <aside> |
|          |         |
| <section>|         |
|          |         |
----------------------
|      <footer>      |
----------------------
```
